[REFACTOR] Move the Hacktoberfest example to the Demo folder (#240)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples: demo/hacktoberfest-custom-themes/README.md

# Hacktoberfest custom themes

> **DISCLAIMER: this extension point is very experimental and is subject to change**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DISCLAIMER: this demo uses extension points that are very experimental and are subject to change**.  
```
